armadillo/doc/settings.md, before:

<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="doc.css">

# [Home](start.html) | Settings

Settings are stored in the *.armadillo* folder in your user home directory.  Settings consist of:

- **workspaces folder** - saves the following settings for each workspace (json file).  )*do not modify the workspace files directly*)
    - Base path in file browser
    - Last opened files
    - What plugins and toolbars are visible
- **settings.conf** - this contains the main settings for Armadillo. You can edit this by clicking the ![](../img/wrench.png) button
- **window** - a binary file with window/plugin location settings

*Do not modify the default_settings.conf file as any updates to Armadillo will overwrite the settings here*

## ![](../img/wrench.png) settings.conf
The settings.conf file contains the main settings to customize Armadillo.  The file format is [ConfigObj](http://www.voidspace.org.uk/python/configobj.html)  - a modified ini.

### Notes
- 0 is considered false and 1 is considered true.
- Quotes are not needed for this settings file

### General settings
        view_folder=0
        save_workspace_on_close=1
        widgetstyle=plastique
        style=default
        activeEditors = ace,scintilla,ckeditor
        activePlugins = filebrowser,outline,py_console,find_replace,output,snippets,qt2py

- view_folder
    - view folder name in tab
    - default is 0
- save_workspace_on_close
    - save workspace settings on close (if this is set to 0, then you must use the Workspace Save menu to save the current workspace state)
    - default is 1
- widgetstyle
    - set the style of the editor (Qt style is used)
    - options are: windows, motif, cde, plastique, windowsxp, macintosh
    - default is plastique
- activeEditors
    - the list of active editors to load
- activePlugins - these are the plugins loaded on start

### Window Settings
        [window]
            openMode=1
            [[pluginLeft]]
                width=260
                visible=1
            [[pluginBottom]]
                visible=1
                height=180
            [[pluginRight]]
                visible=0
                width=300

- openMode - size the editor opens as
    - 1 = almost maximum (-50 pixels)
    - 2 = maximize
- pluginLeft, pluginBottom, pluginRight
    - visible 
        - 1 = visible
        - 0 = hidden by default (can be made visible through the Main Menu > Window menu
    - width/height - specify default width or height the plugin window is opened to

### Editor Settings
Default settings for the editors. These settings are overwritten by language specific settings (if set).  See Favorite Languages below.

        [editors]
            [[ace]]
                wordwrap=0
                theme=twilight
                behavioursEnabled=1
                wrapBehavioursEnabled=1
                showWhitespace=0
            [[scintilla]]
                wordwrap=0
                autocomplete=1
                newLineMode=unix
                showWhitespace=0
            [[ckeditor]]

- editors
    - a dictionary of editors and their default settings
    - Not all editors use the same settings
- **Ace Editor** has additional settings:
    - theme
        - theme of editor
    - behavioursEnabled
        - ace behavioiurs
        - default = 1
    - wrapBehavioursEnabled
        - ace wrapBehaviours
        - default = 1
    - fontSize
        - font size of editor
        - default = 12
    - showPrintMargin
        - show the print margin
        - default = 0


### Programming Languages (prog_lang)
Programming language specific settings. Set theme and editor for each language. If no parameter is specified, the default is used.  The double bracket indicates the language.  For the full list of languages available to each editor, look in the new menu for each editor.  The default settings for all languages not specified is listed as `[[default]]`

        [prog_lang]
            [[default]] # Default settings for all editors
                editor=scintilla
                wordwrap=0
            [[javascript]]
                editor=ace
                run=/home/convolutedlogic/nodejs/bin/node
                run_args=-i
            [[markdown]]
                editor=ace
                wordwrap=1
            [[ini]]
                editor=ace
                theme=vibrant_ink
                fave=0  # default is 1

The available (and default) parameters are:

- editor
    - what editor to use
    - scintilla,ace,ckeditor
- wordwrap
    - start in wordwrap mode
    - default = 0
- run
    - the run command to run
    - Ex: if you have node installed: run=/home/convolutedlogic/nodejs/bin/node
- run_args
    - a string of args to append to the run command (before the filename)
    - this is optional
- fave
    - a favorite language and shows up in New menu and on home page
    - this defaults to true (1) if not specified. set to 0 to not show in new menu

You can also customize the editor settings like theme, showPrintMargin (for Ace Editor) for each language. Use the same keys/values as listed for the editor's settings.


### Extensions
If you need to specify that a file extension goes with a specific language (languages are defined by the editor).

        [extensions]
            py=python
            pyw=python
            js=javascript
            htm=html
            style=css
            conf=ini

### Plugins
Settings used by the plugins.

        [plugins]
            [[outline]]
                alwaysUpdate=0 # 1 to always update, 0 to update on save
        
            [[filebrowser]]
                showAll=0
                defaultPath= # Default path to open (leave blank to open to user home directory)
                
            [[snippets]]
                path=/home/hdesktop/snippets


- plugins - plugin specific settings

Commit message:

fixed bottom plugin show/hide on fullscreen outline - moved find to individual widget scintilla - added font settings, autocomplete available with ctrl+space

armadillo/doc/settings.md, after:

<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="doc.css">

# [Home](start.html) | Settings

Settings are stored in the *.armadillo* folder in your user home directory.  Settings consist of:

- **workspaces folder** - saves the following settings for each workspace (json file).  )*do not modify the workspace files directly*)
    - Base path in file browser
    - Last opened files
    - What plugins and toolbars are visible
- **settings.conf** - this contains the main settings for Armadillo. You can edit this by clicking the ![](../img/wrench.png) button
- **window** - a binary file with window/plugin location settings

*Do not modify the default_settings.conf file as any updates to Armadillo will overwrite the settings here*

## ![](../img/wrench.png) settings.conf
The settings.conf file contains the main settings to customize Armadillo.  The file format is [ConfigObj](http://www.voidspace.org.uk/python/configobj.html)  - a modified ini.

### Notes
- 0 is considered false and 1 is considered true.
- Quotes are not needed for this settings file

### General settings
        view_folder=0
        save_workspace_on_close=1
        widgetstyle=plastique
        style=default
        activeEditors = ace,scintilla,ckeditor
        activePlugins = filebrowser,outline,py_console,find_replace,output,snippets,qt2py

- view_folder
    - view folder name in tab
    - default is 0
- save_workspace_on_close
    - save workspace settings on close (if this is set to 0, then you must use the Workspace Save menu to save the current workspace state)
    - default is 1
- widgetstyle
    - set the style of the editor (Qt style is used)
    - options are: windows, motif, cde, plastique, windowsxp, macintosh
    - default is plastique
- activeEditors
    - the list of active editors to load
- activePlugins - these are the plugins loaded on start

### Window Settings
        [window]
            openMode=1
            [[pluginLeft]]
                width=260
                visible=1
            [[pluginBottom]]
                visible=1
                height=180
            [[pluginRight]]
                visible=0
                width=300

- openMode - size the editor opens as
    - 1 = almost maximum (-50 pixels)
    - 2 = maximize
- pluginLeft, pluginBottom, pluginRight
    - visible 
        - 1 = visible
        - 0 = hidden by default (can be made visible through the Main Menu > Window menu
    - width/height - specify default width or height the plugin window is opened to

### Editor Settings
Default settings for the editors. These settings are overwritten by language specific settings (if set).  See Programming Languages below.

        [editors]
            [[ace]]
                wordwrap=0
                theme=twilight
                behavioursEnabled=1
                wrapBehavioursEnabled=1
                showWhitespace=0
            [[scintilla]]
                wordwrap=0
                autocomplete=1
                newLineMode=unix
                showWhitespace=0
                fontFamily=Courier
                fontSize=10
            [[ckeditor]]

- editors
    - a dictionary of editors and their default settings
    - Not all editors use the same settings
- **Ace Editor** has additional settings:
    - theme
        - theme of editor
    - behavioursEnabled
        - ace behavioiurs
        - default = 1
    - wrapBehavioursEnabled
        - ace wrapBehaviours
        - default = 1
    - fontSize
        - font size of editor
        - default = 12
    - showPrintMargin
        - show the print margin
        - default = 0


### Programming Languages (prog_lang)
Programming language specific settings. Set theme and editor for each language. If no parameter is specified, the default is used.  The double bracket indicates the language.  For the full list of languages available to each editor, look in the new menu for each editor.  The default settings for all languages not specified is listed as `[[default]]`

        [prog_lang]
            [[default]] # Default settings for all editors
                editor=scintilla
                wordwrap=0
            [[javascript]]
                editor=ace
                run=/home/convolutedlogic/nodejs/bin/node
                run_args=-i
            [[markdown]]
                editor=ace
                wordwrap=1
            [[ini]]
                editor=ace
                theme=vibrant_ink
                fave=0  # default is 1

The available (and default) parameters are:

- editor
    - what editor to use
    - scintilla,ace,ckeditor
- wordwrap
    - start in wordwrap mode
    - default = 0
- run
    - the run command to run
    - Ex: if you have node installed: run=/home/convolutedlogic/nodejs/bin/node
- run_args
    - a string of args to append to the run command (before the filename)
    - this is optional
- fave
    - a favorite language and shows up in New menu and on home page
    - this defaults to true (1) if not specified. set to 0 to not show in new menu

You can also customize the editor settings like theme, showPrintMargin (for Ace Editor) for each language. Use the same keys/values as listed for the editor's settings.


### Extensions
If you need to specify that a file extension goes with a specific language (languages are defined by the editor).

        [extensions]
            py=python
            pyw=python
            js=javascript
            htm=html
            style=css
            conf=ini

### Plugins
Settings used by the plugins.

        [plugins]
            [[outline]]
                alwaysUpdate=0 # 1 to always update, 0 to update on save
        
            [[filebrowser]]
                showAll=0
                defaultPath= # Default path to open (leave blank to open to user home directory)
                
            [[snippets]]
                path=/home/hdesktop/snippets


- plugins - plugin specific settings
